hi I'm James and in this video I'm
taking a look at Grand Theft Auto 5
running on Intel HD 4600 graphics so
this is has world GT 2 graphics on a
quad core 45 watt part in a larger
laptop I have here and this is running
at 1366 by 768 so the same resolution
that I ran for my iris pro 5200 video
and as we're allowing this load again
we're on the same drivers very similar
setups and detail is at sort of low
detail settings so really the only thing
we can drop further from this point is
the resolution everything else is turned
down to try and get a playable level of
performance from this system with the
game so now in a moment the test will
start slowed and here we can see early
on in the test we're over the 30 frames
per second mark but as we go to the sort
of nighttime settings and the
transitions through there we do get some
dips below 30 frames per second moving
on to the next stage here with larger
landscapes and more zoomed out settings
we have sort of low 20s so again we're
getting dips in frame rate which isn't
ideal and onto the third scene here and
again mid 20s to 30 frames per second
down to sort of low twenties there and
in the final scene here where we sort of
fly through and follow the jet and get
more gameplay scenario where typically
I'm sorry one more before that we're
typically around sort of 30 frames per
second but then it does dip under that
so even if you're playing on the half
vsync mode you're not going to have a
rock-solid frame rate with this you are
gonna get dips and slow down as it goes
along and
but if you want to play it on one of
these laptops then it is a playable
experience it's not a perfect experience
but you can get by and run the title as
it is through this section over a couple
runs I got averages around sort of 28 31
frames per second so you do get some
lower dips in framerate but as you can
see through sort of the more gameplay
segments with less action going on we're
typically around 30 frames per second so
it's not a perfect experience but if you
want to play the game on an HD 4600
equipped laptop you should be able to
get away with it I hope you found this
video interesting be sure to subscribe
to our channel for more or look at our
other videos for grand theft auto 5 and
other games running on a variety of
integrated graphics solutions thanks for
watching
you